[Applause]
telling you something's wrong my brother
does not stay out all night maybe we
should check the trash chute Ross
couldn't fit down the trash chute that's
right he almost could which is exactly
how I got stuck there have you been just
you know out Oh out oh god I don't know
why we didn't think to check there what
are you doing I went to a bar and then I
just uh just walked around for a while
you walked around all night in the city
by yourself he hooked up he hooked up
with someone look I don't have to answer
your questions okay I'm a big boy I can
do whatever I want
he hooked hop tell us about er
[Applause]
hey you guys
[Music]
okay okay I know what you all are
thinking but Chandler is in Yemen I'm a
young woman I have needs I can't wait
forever yeah I know that's what I was
thinking so I'm asking you please just
take a moment before you judge me Oh
nobody's judging you okay you mr. right
place at the right time okay look I know
what you guys are gonna say you two
would have very hairy children didn't
know you would say that boss Janice all
right hold on hold on hold on
this is Ross okay he's our friend he
obviously went crazy obviously lost his
mind I didn't lose my mind okay Janice
and I have a lot in common we've we've
both been divorced we both have kids so
are you actually gonna see her again
Phoebe don't put ideas in his head I am
gonna see her again damn it Phoebe
there you go oh thanks it's actually I
should get going
oh you sure because I can stay out as
late as you want I told you how I'm on
sabbatical from work yeah what is wrong
now this is what I ordered
man can't anything go right in my life
first my marriage falls apart huh I know
I know and then you lose your apartment
and then he lose your job and then your
ex-wife gets married so fast and now the
coffee yeah we need to talk okay
sometimes I feel I'm going to talk I
believe that the Sun has set on our day
in the Sun one you're very sweet let me
make sure I'm hearing this right you're
ending this with me because I'm too
whining oh so you're saying I've become
so whiny that i annoy you Janet's oh my
god
are you me okay I am now all right oh hi
Wow I guess that's two out of three Joey